ARIMA: AR->p, MA->q, I->d

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8Yw4alG16Q

  Until unless your time series is stationary, you cannot build a time series model. In cases where the stationary criterion are violated, 
  the first requisite becomes to stationarize the time series and then try stochastic models to predict this time series. 
  There are multiple ways of bringing this stationarity. Some of them are Detrending, Differencing etc.
    This includes stationary series, random walks , Rho Coefficient, Dickey Fuller Test of Stationarity.
  
  To find whether series is stationary or not then we can calculate sm.statsl.durbine_watson(Dataset). it assumes that new error(et) is dependent on old error(et-1)
    if value is less than 2 then that means series is stationary
  
  In a moving average series of lag n, we will not get any correlation between x(t) and x(t – n -1) . Hence, the total correlation chart cuts off at nth lag. 
    So it becomes simple to find the lag for a MA series. For an AR series this correlation will gradually go down without any cut off value. 
  
  ACF - Auto Correlation Factor (After how many timeperiod correlation fails, P)
  PACF - Partial Auto Correlation Factor
  
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/12/complete-tutorial-time-series-modeling/



Types of Unsupervised Machine Learning Models:
  1. Clustering -> Personalized or target marketing, Document(Email) Classification, fraud Detection, Medical imaging, City planning(Houses according to geo location or house type)
    a. Centroid based clusturing - Groups members based on their distance from the center of the cluster eg. K-mean 
          K-means parameters - number of centroids, Intialization approach(kmean++, random, k-mean), Distance Matrix-Euclidian, Number of iterations
    b. Density based clusturing - Groups members based on how closely they are packed together; can learn clusters of arbitrary shape.
    c. Distribution based clusturing - Groups members based on the probability of a member belonging to a particular distribution.
    d. Hierarchical clusturing - Builds a tree of clusters.
  2. Feature Learning: transforms set of features into other features that might be potentially more useful.
  3. Anomaly detection: Identify two major group of entities - Normal & Abnormal (anomalies) eg. credit card fraud detection
  
  
  
